Social Media App Design 
-----------------------
There are two types of access one is admin and the other one is super admin
admin cannot create a subadmin but superadmin can create both admin and superadmin 

super-admin
admin 
sub-admin 

super-admin is just like owner. super-admin can manage everything, super-admin is the 
one who has more power, sud-admin controlling power willbe less as compared to the super-admin

Database Keys:-
---------------
Key :- Key is one of the attribute of the table. The main purpose of the key is to uniquely identify
any two tuples in the table that means if there are any two row where the information is same for example: 

sname    city     age    rollno
-----    -----   -----   ------
deepak   kolkota   22      1
rahul    mumbai    21      2
deepak   kolkota   22      3

so look here there are two rows where the informtaion is same so now the problem will arise so to uniquely 
identify this we need a key.

so here rollno is also a attribute so now with the help of rollno we will be 
able to distinguish between both the rows so key is an attribute and attribute can be 
anything like rollno, adharcard. registration number, license no, voterid card, phone number.


Candidate Key:
---------------
All the set of uniquely identify keys are known as Candidate Key for example : 
rollno, adharcard, resgistration no, license no, voterid-card, phone number 
and from the Candidate key we can choose one Primary key . So Primary key is being 
chooses from Candidate Key.


Primary Key:-
-------------
[Unique + not null]

key jo hai unique hona chahiye jaise ki phone number, voter-card, license-no,
pan-card, registration number, rollno and en sare attributes ko ham candidate key bhi bolte hain
par khali unique se kam nahi chalne wala hai kyun ki unique ke saath saath esko not-null bhi hona 
padega not null ka matlab ki ham es feild ko khali nahi chod sakhte hame kuch na kuch es mein
bharna hi padega.

aur jo Primary key hai ham user se le nahi sakhte hai hame dena padhta hai jaise ki jab ham koi
university mein admission karne jaenge tab hame admission karne ke baad ham 
yeah nahi bol sakhte hein ki mujhe ek particular rollno chahiye .. nahi aisa nahi hoga 
apko ek roll no milega.

jaise ki aur ek example license number ki hi baat kar lo wahan hame number milta hai ham unko request 
nahi kar sakhte hai kimujhe meri pasand ka number chahiye .... 

so Primary Key jo  hota hai unique hona chahiye and not null matlab ham usko khali nahi sakhte ya phir
koi duplicate value add nahi kar sakhte hain..

Lekin Candidate key kya hota hai khali unique hota hai.

Aur ek databse mein ek hi Primary Key Hota hai.. 


ToRead:
-------
database keys.
normalization.



Device
------
Device id:
User Id:
Location-Id(Foreign-Key):
Device-List:
